Datuk Dr Hisham explained that Malaysia may be facing a SUPER SPREADER GENOM 641 based on the development of the #klustersivagangga case.

 "We found that the Sivagangga cluster spreads faster than the other nine clusters in Johor and Sarawak. Now the study is being tested, we are cultivating the virus in the laboratory to see the genome that infects the Sivagangga Cluster. Genome 64 is the same as in Pakistan and Egypt.

 He also explained that some of those who tested positive today did not have a history of nasi kandar shops but only in areas that have now been subject to TEMCO.

  * Please be able to implement PKPKP SOP (Family Movement Control Order).  Among the SOPs are: *

 1. Children & senior citizens are no longer allowed to eat in shops or restaurants.

 2. Children & senior citizens will not be allowed to visit supermarkets, theme parks or any place where people gather.

 3. Strict rules after school or anywhere that is required to bathe as clean as possible before touching anyone at home.

 4. Required to always wash hands as often as possible.

 5. Cannot greet anyone during the festive season.  Just lower your head and place your hands on your chest.

 6. Always drink vit.  C and all Vit.  and essential needs.

 7. This rule will apply until the state of Covid 19 returns single digit and no new cluster.

 8. There is no need to gather / meet if it is not important.

 # PerangMelawanCovid19
 #KitaJagaKita
 #KitaAmbilPeduli

 Covid Medical Kit Needed at home: *

  1. Paracetamol.
  2. Betadine for mouthwash and gargling.
  3. Vitamin C and D3.
  5. B complex
  6. Steam + capsules for steam.
  7. Oksimeter
  8. Oxygen cylinder (for emergencies only).
  9. Breathing Exercises.

  Covid Three levels:

  1. Covid only in the nose - recovery time is half a day.  (Inhalation of steam), vitamin C. Usually no fever.  Without symptoms.

  2. Covid in the throat - sore throat, recovery time 1 day (gargling hot water, warm water to drink, if the temperature then paracetamol. Vitamin C, Bcomplex. If severe from antibiotics.

  3. Covid on the lungs - cough and shortness of breath 4 to 5 days.  (Vitamin C, B complex, hot water gargle, oximeter, paracetamol, cylinder if severe, plenty of fluids needed, deep breathing exercises.

  Levels when going to the hospital:
  Monitor oxygen levels.  If it is approaching 43 (normal 98-100) then you need an oxygen cylinder.  If at home, then no other hospital admits.

  * Stay healthy, Stay safe!  *

   Please send all to your contact list.  You never know who might help.

  Advice from isolation hospitals, we can do at home.

   Medication taken in isolation hospital.
   1. Vitamin C-1000.
   2. Vitamin E (E).
   3. From (10-11 am), sit in the sun for 15-20 minutes.
   4. Eat eggs once.
   5. We rest / sleep for at least 7-8 hours.
   6. We drink 1.5 liters of water every day.
   7. All food must be warm (not cold).

  And that is what we do in the hospital to strengthen the immune system.

  Note that the pH of the coronavirus varies from 5.5 to 8.5.

   Therefore, what we need to do to get rid of the virus is to consume more alkaline foods above the acidity level of the virus.

   Like:
   Banana,
   Green lemon
   Yellow Lemon
   Avocado
   * Garlic
   * Please
   * Tangerine
   * Pineapple
   * Water lettuce
   * Orange

   How to know if you are infected with corona virus?

   1. Itchy throat.
   2. Dry throat.
   3. Tuberculosis.
   4. High temperature.
   5. Shortness of breath.
   6. Loss of smell ...

  And lemon with warm water removes the virus at first before reaching the lungs ...

  Do not keep this information to yourself.  Provide it to all your family and friends.

 * Repost |  Reshare *